# e-Destination

## Answers to: What and Why? & How? 
I am planning on building a platform that will recommend the most suitable destinations/amenities and their locations to the user based on inputs, which I think is especially relevant due to Covid-19. To begin, the platform asks the user for several attributes/criterias; i.e. the location of users and preferences, and then talks to the database to make recommendations based on the criteria. After the recommendations are given, it will take feedback from the user. If the user is not happy with the given recommendations, it will continue the process until they are happy or all related results have been suggested. All of these actions will be determined by clearly established rules (i.e. lots of if else statements), which makes it clear and easy to expand and maintain even as when the code becomes more large and sophisticated. 

## Answers to: Scope? & For Whom?
I am likely to initially begin with dinner restaurants, as foods at different meals tend to be very different, making the training procedure longer. Scope: While adding additional meals is simple; I am going to expand this platform to non-dining activities, such as hospitals as well; which would make the scope of the proposal harder. I believe that especially considering Covid-19, the user base of the platform would be the wider public in general, as my platform would provide them with the opportunity to discover amenities near them quickly and efficiently without having to step outside, a need for everyone today.
